hey guys what's up so I'm here with my
giveaway a video for the movies a since
series case with the ipad 2 um mizi went
ahead and sponsored this giveaway and
they told me they did send this
originally for me to review I really
haven't worn this down at all still
works really well I mean you can't even
tell it looks pretty much brand new and
uh little scratches obviously also I did
review this on my channel you can go
ahead and check that out um link on the
screen on an annotation or down below as
a link in description so this is a
pretty simple give away all you have to
do is first go ahead and subscribe up
there button somewhere up there Oh once
you do that then just go ahead and like
the Facebook page for a minute go ahead
and like the facebook page for movies
ill can't really say that today all you
have to do this link in the description
or just go to facebook.com / movies ooh
that's mi VI z you mi VI is he you so
just maybe 0 once you do that all you
have to do leave a comment as many
comments as you like I don't mind just
don't like yeah as many comments as you
like but you know just kind of try to be
reasonable don't leave 3 million
comments using some BOTS leave real
comments instead of seeing the same
thing over and over if you could please
they'll actually make it so that youtube
doesn't think you're spamming and it
won't say this comment has been flagged
for spam so it'll also increase your
chance for winning once you have done
that that's it you are in line to
receive this case if you don't lynn and
you still like the case you actually go
ahead and buy one at movies news website
maybe zoo calm for around sixty dollars
but they do have a really good offer on
amazon it's like thirty or forty dollars
on amazon so good deal there if you want
to check that out too so that's thanks
for watching I'll see you in the next
video